**This is a work in progress! I plan to throw this one away.**

Open Drosophila Lab
===================

Open Drosophila Lab is intended to be a modern clone/replacement of 
[Virtual FlyLab](http://biologylab.awlonline.com/protected/FlyLab/flylab.php), 
a for-pay genetics learning tool created by California State University and 
publisher Benjamin Cummings. Students in many colleges and universities are 
required to pay for FlyLab, as it is a mandatory part of their genetics 
curriculum.

I believe college students have to pay enough for tuition and books as is, so if
I can help by creating something that saves a little bit of money for a lot of 
students, I feel that will do a measure of good.

As for FlyLab itself, it amounts to little more than a simple (and oudated) Java 
applet for learning basic non-Mendelian inheritance. I plan to implement Open 
Drosophila Lab in Python, improve upon it, and then re-implement it all again 
in Javascript/HTML5. 

Features
--------

Open Drosophila Lab has same traits and alleles as FlyLab, enabling universities
to reuse any homework and lab manual materials that they created that centers on 
the use of Virtual FlyLab. I'm implementing all of the  same features:

* Dominance / Recessiveness
* Lethal alleles
* Sex-linked traits (Virtual FlyLab only has X-linked traits)
* Recombination
* Gene mapping
* Chi-square analysis
* Epistasis

Based upon future feedback, I would like to add the following features not found
in Virtual FlyLab:

* Y-linked traits
* Incomplete dominance
* Co-dominance
* Penetrance
* Variable expressivity
* etc.

License
-------

Copyright &copy; 2010 Brandon Thomas Suit

Open Drosophila Lab is/will be licensed under the AGPL 3. See COPYING for more
details.

